[docs] Explicit callouts about data download in embedding (#40049)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/static-embedding-parameters.md

\* Available on [Pro](https://www.metabase.com/product/pro) and [Enterprise](https://www.metabase.com/product/enterprise) plans.

> ### Download results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Allow people to download the results of an embedded question
```

Slightly more specific, and frames it from the perspective of an embedder.

Otherwise maybe just:

> ### Download results of an embedded question.

{% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Downloading results" %}

> You can enable or disable downloading results for embedded questions by setting the `hide_download_button` parameter in the embedding URL to `false` or `true`.

Reviewer: We should say that the default is to show the download button. 

```suggestion
By default, Metabase will include a **Download** button on embedded questions. You can remove the download button by setting `hide_download_button=true` in the embedding URL in the iframe's `src` attribute.
```
And can you link to the [appearance section](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/embedding/static-embedding#customizing-the-appearance-of-static-embeds)? 

![image](https://github.com/metabase/metabase/assets/17343328/fce7b1b9-d533-4afe-8821-48df0d81dc2f)

> If the download button is missing when you expected it to be available, check that the URL in the `src` attribute for your iframe has the parameter `hide_download_button=false`.

Reviewer: Is this line necessary? Won't it also work if that parameter isn't in the URL?

Author: This was the problem that several customers had: they said the download button was missing, and when we asked them to check the URL, turned out they had this parameter set to true.  I'm open to rephrasing, but i would like to keep the general message of "check the URL if the embedding not behaving as you expect" explicitly written
